Principle of scarcity.
cue-1
If news of an impending fuel shortage were to circulate, then fuel
cue-2
stations would be flooded with people buying fuel, even if the news turned out to
cue-3
be false.
cue-4
The principle of scarcity is of the idea that people are more motivated to
cue-5
act when they perceive a limited availability or scarcity of an
cue-6
opportunity or product.
cue-7
Phishing attackers exploit people's attraction to items that appear rare
cue-8
by imposing deadlines on deals and emails
cue-9
In a frequent strategy, an attacker informs individuals that their
cue-10
account will be disabled within 24 hours if they do not click on a
cue-11
link to resolve it.
cue-12
This can pressure the recipient into clicking on a link or giving away their
cue-13
personal information without taking the time to carefully evaluate the
cue-14
legitimacy of the email or its contents.